20 years ago, the Xiao family was the top aristocratic family in the imperial capital
Many pulses
It's all monstrous
But one night
The person of the Xiao family's main vein disappeared overnight
No one alive, no corpse dead
Then the veins of the group also fell one after another
Completely useless
After the small family suffered a disaster
The power it possessed was quickly divided up
But there is a family
They didn't participate in the carve-up from start to finish.
They even sent someone to investigate the matter thoroughly
He is Qin Banruo
Die in
The Xiao family and the Qin family are family friends
Excellent relationship
Although the past 20 years
But the Qin family never gave up investigating the truth
He was suppressed by the families for this
Externally precarious
Internal strife continues
Up to now, he has become a foreign power loyal liver
So he did it for the family order so
Yes and no
Qin Banruo is not the Qin family
main vein person
Qin Baizhan, the head of the Qin family
A history for Qin Banruo
The other party is the Dudulong family
Qin Banruo is very dissatisfied with this
Argued with him many times
One is for the family
The second is for yourself
Just one decision.
He did two things.
There's more to it than that.
Qin Ban Tomb doesn't seem to know your true identity
I thought you were just an ordinary person
Bold guess
He may be using you as an excuse
Then let Qin Baizhan dispel the thought of ripples
Use this time to turn the tide alone
So bold
See you for the first time in my life